Hi guys, in this video I want to show
you how to generate a city from
satellite map data using the city engine
and exported to the real engine. Okay,
let's go. Okay, first thing first go
here the city engine.
Okay, once it's open it, go here and
build it from map data.
Okay, it's finish your scene.
Okay, get more update. Okay, and this
video want
Italy.
Okay, I want to
import part of this gigantic city. Got
this. It's
gigantic city.
If you have good hardware, you can
import all of those city. This city for
me, my hardware is not good. You want to
import
part of this city.
Okay, let's choose this card.
After that, should set the resolution
and you want to choose 4K resolution.
Okay. And imported.
It started downloading the lab.
Okay. Fine.
Now, let's go right here and choose
bending.
and building reference is building
materials.
Okay, disable this one.
Okay, fine. Let's put it next. Project
all.
Next, translate to minimum. Next, and
finish.
It's uh starts on porting the OSM.
Okay.
Now this is my city.
Let's go there to this corner
and choose the type of this one.
Okay. Monaco. Choose Monaco.
Now it starts texturiz.
Look at this transparency. All this.
Okay. All this fine.
Okay, this is my uh city.
Okay, look at this. It looks good.
Okay, now select all and go. Okay. Go to
file,
export models. Want to export to the
army engine. Select this. Next.
Okay. It's finish. It start generating
uh generating the models right now.
Okay. We find the motors when we